>>> GOING NOWHERE, DOING
NOTHING, HOPELESSLY DIVIDED AND
NOW, CHASING DOWN THE RABBIT
HOLE OF SOCIALISM.
THAT IS THE DEMOCRAT PARTY
TODAY.
AMERICA NEEDS SOME DAMAGE
CONTROL SURELY.
LOOK AT THIS.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS WERE SUPPOSED TO
VOTE TODAY ON A MEASURE
CONDEMNING ANTI-SEMITISM.
THEY CAN'T AGREE ON THE WORDING.
WHAT?
IF YOU CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO
CONDEMN ANTI-SEMETISM YOU
SHOULDN'T BE IN CONGRESS.
SPEAKER PELOSI HAS LOST CONTROL.
WEDNESDAY, THE HOMELAND SECURITY
CHIEF ALERTED CONGRESS TO THE
CRISIS ON THE BORDER.
A MILLION ILLEGALS WILL ARRIVE
THIS YEAR.
THAT, SHE SAYS, QUOTE, WILL
OVERWHELM THE SYSTEM ENTIRELY.
BUT THE DEMOCRATS REFUSE TO DO
ANYTHING.
NO WALL, NO IMMIGRATION
ENFORCEMENT EITHER.
THEY WILL DO NOTHING.
GET THIS.
THERE ARE REPUBLICANS IN THE
SENATE WHO WILL VOTE AGAINST THE
PRESIDENT'S EMERGENCY
DECLARATION.
TALK ABOUT FIDDLING WHILE ROME
BURNS?
WE SHOULD CALL THIS THE NERO
CONGRESS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK CONGRESSMAN
JERROLD NADLER, I'M SORRY,
NADLER WHAT DO YOU THINK HE WILL
BE DOING FOR THE NEXT TWO YEARS?
DESPERATELY REQUIRING TO
UNDERMINE THE PRESIDENT WITH
ROUND AFTER ROUND OF
INVESTIGATION, HEARINGS, PROBES
AND SUBPOENAS.
NOT INTO RUSSIA'S ROLE INTO THE
ELECTION.
OH, NO, INTO THE PRESIDENT'S
BUSINESSES AND HIS FAMILY.
THE OBJECTIVE IS CLEAR.
FIND SOME DIRT AND UNDERMINE THE
THAT'S IT.
ON TOP OF THIS THE LOOMING 2020
ELECTION.
I KNOW IT IS STILL 21 MONTHS
AWAY.
DID YOU KNOW DEMOCRATS BEGIN IN
JUNE THIS YEAR?
14 CANDIDATES ALREADY DECLARED,
MORE TO COME.
IMAGINE THE CIRCUS WHEN THEY'RE
ALL ON THE STAGE?
DO YOU THINK ANYTHING WILL GET
DONE IN CONGRESS WHILE THEY'RE
JOCKEYING FOR POSITION.
NOTICE I HAVEN'T MENTIONED
SOCIALISM WHICH IS ALSO
SPLITTING THE PARTY.
A DYSFUNCTIONAL PARTY IN A
DYSFUNCTIONAL CONGRESS AND
AMERICA HAS TO PAY THE PRICE.